Writing is like prostitution. First you do it for love, and then for a few close friends, and then for money.
The heartbeat of a football team is the quarterback position and I think everyone who has any intelligence about the game understands you must have consistency at that position to be a championship team.
Yeah, I get to fight in 'Eclipse.' My trainer is teaching me MMA right now. So. Cool.
Thanksgiving, man. Not a good day to be my pants.
This soul, or life within us, by no means agrees with the life outside us. If one has the courage to ask her what she thinks, she is always saying the very opposite to what other people say.
For now I'm just enjoying being a mom. I don't want to be more famous and more rich. I want to be a good mom.
I've got research, I have my own life experience I can apply, and I have my imagination.
I'm creating the kind of games that I like right now. I'm not being held back by technology.
Science has proof without any certainty. Creationists have certainty without any proof.
We are all different. Yet we are all God's children. We are all united behind this country and the common cause of freedom, justice, fairness, and equality. That is what unites us.
Australians are coffee snobs. An influx of Italian immigrants after World War II ensured that - we probably had the word 'cappuccino' about 20 years before America. Cafe culture is really big for Aussies. We like to work hard, but we take our leisure time seriously.
I used to have a theory actually that, if you've had a good childhood, a good marriage and a little bit of money in the bank, you're going to make a lousy comedian.
My motto was always to keep swinging. Whether I was in a slump or feeling badly or having trouble off the field, the only thing to do was keep swinging.
Sleep is that golden chain that ties health and our bodies together.
Love begins at home, and it is not how much we do... but how much love we put in that action.
You couldn't have fed the '50s into a computer and come out with the '60s.
In youth and beauty, wisdom is but rare!
As Prime Minister Netanyahu and Defense Minister Barak have repeatedly said, the intelligence and security relationship between the United States and Israel at present is unprecedented. It has never been stronger.
It's not an accident that both my sister and I are writers. Our parents created an accidental Petri dish. My family has great storytellers, and I grew up in a very funny, conversational house and didn't have television. This small family farm was a bubble world that didn't have much to do with reality.
In every walk with nature one receives far more than he seeks.
My greatest fear is feeling like a professional novelist. Somebody who creates characters, who sits down and has pieces of paper taped to the wall - what's going to happen in this scene, or this act. What I like is for it to be a much more scary, sloppy reflection of who I am.
Since God knows our future, our personalities, and our capacity to listen, He isn't ever going to say more to us than we can deal with at the moment.
Life is hard. After all, it kills you.
My definition of an intellectual is someone who can listen to the William Tell Overture without thinking of the Lone Ranger.
Knowledge which is acquired under compulsion obtains no hold on the mind.
Iran is not a make-believe country. It is a real country populated by some 75 million people - real people including, I daresay, a majority who are philosophically and by education inclined toward the modern, secular world, and particularly American values.
For people who are really talented, what you don't say becomes extremely important. You have to judge what to say and what to leave alone so you can let the talent develop.
Forgiveness says you are given another chance to make a new beginning.
Even though people may be well known, they hold in their hearts the emotions of a simple person for the moments that are the most important of those we know on earth: birth, marriage and death.
My rule is, whatever you were calling me four years ago is what you should be calling me now, because I don't like it when my family or close friends call me Nicki Minaj. To me I'm not Nicki Minaj when I'm with them.
I am bound to add that the excess in too little has ever proved in me more dangerous than the excess in too much the last may cause indigestion, but the first causes death.
I have no idea how much money I've got.
All that I am, or hope to be, I owe to my angel mother.
Peace, if it ever exists, will not be based on the fear of war but on the love of peace.
Life is best when you are in love.
Even though I grew up as a Sephardic Jew in Brooklyn where we ate Syrian food and went to temple, it was still America.
The follow your dreams thing is really important because so many people are railroaded into taking other paths by their family, their friends, people who should be supportive going, 'What are you talking about?' Even just seemingly regular career paths, but if it's not what people expect for you they kind of react funny.
Love is our true destiny. We do not find the meaning of life by ourselves alone - we find it with another.
Regard it as just as desirable to build a chicken house as to build a cathedral.
We're failing our children with education, we're failing our environment.
Most young people have tremendous respect for older people's views.
STAR TREK is a show that had a vision about a future that was positive.
The machine does not isolate man from the great problems of nature but plunges him more deeply into them.
Aristotle was famous for knowing everything. He taught that the brain exists merely to cool the blood and is not involved in the process of thinking. This is true only of certain persons.
You can do anything you think you can. This knowledge is literally the gift of the gods, for through it you can solve every human problem. It should make of you an incurable optimist. It is the open door.
I never really got on that well with Yoko anyway. Strangely enough, I only started to get to know her after John's death.
Life is the art of drawing without an eraser.
We now see numerous examples of brands working together to address issues such as environmental degradations, climate control, pollution, poverty and disease.
Money is our madness, our vast collective madness.
Science knows no country, because knowledge belongs to humanity, and is the torch which illuminates the world. Science is the highest personification of the nation because that nation will remain the first which carries the furthest the works of thought and intelligence.
Good writing is like a windowpane.
We have accepted the principle of democracy and we are committed to respect the popular verdict and the result of that national consultation.
I have experienced healing through other writers' poetry, but there's no way I can sit down to write in the hope a poem will have healing potential. If I do, I'll write a bad poem.
The wave of the future is coming and there is no fighting it.
I have this embedded faith in the process through which films of a certain type get discovered on longer timelines.
Before this learning experience, I had assumed that with regard to programs that sought to help people out of poverty, the political world was essentially divided into two camps: conservatives who opposed these for a variety of reasons, and liberals who supported them.
Reading poetry gives me a sense of calm, well-being, and love for humanity - the same stuff more flexible women get from yoga.
Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow. The important thing is not to stop questioning.
I know I'm talented, but I wasn't put here to sing. I was put here to be a wife and a mom and look after my family. I love what I do, but it's not where it begins and ends.
Film will only became an art when its materials are as inexpensive as pencil and paper.
I've always been suspicious of TV, I've always found music and video to be an unhappy marriage.
The first test of a truly great man is his humility. By humility I don't mean doubt of his powers or hesitation in speaking his opinion, but merely an understanding of the relationship of what he can say and what he can do.
It can be hard in this business, especially when you're very young, to figure out who you can and can't trust.
I've become a professional failure - in order to pay the mortgage I have to remain unemployed. Luckily, a disaster always seems to befall me at exactly the right moment.
Adopting the right attitude can convert a negative stress into a positive one.
Dad, I'm in some trouble. There's been an accident and you're going to hear all sorts of things about me from now on. Terrible things.
My mom's a concert pianist, so she started teaching me when I was around seven. When I was eight, I started writing my own songs, and kinda started putting piano and singing together. But I'm trained classically, which is a big influence on me, I think.
Some of my best leading men have been dogs and horses.
The relationship of the two problems is rather the reverse. To a great extent disarmament is dependent on guarantees of peace. Security comes first and disarmament second.
All I do is go to the movies.
He who loses wealth loses much he who loses a friend loses more but he that loses his courage loses all.
That there's no more important decision in life than who you marry.
It's wonderful to have the most important thing in the world there first thing in the morning. And especially in this business, where the opportunity to think everything is about you is there every day, now I really know that it isn't all about me.
Indiana Jones is very much an old-world kind of hero. He doesn't really have any kind of superpower or rely on any kind of technology to help him out of things.
He is neither a strategist nor is he schooled in the operational arts, nor is he a tactician, nor is he a general. Other than that he's a great military man.
I don't like staying in hotels. I like to be in my own bed. San Diego as a city is really awesome. The only hard part of it for me is that I'm away from my family and my house. But as far as shooting down there, we get amazing locations, and the crew is really, really stellar down there. They are really fun.
The Nobel Peace Prize is a powerful message. A durable peace is not a single achievement, but an environment, a process and a commitment.
When I first left Iran at the age of 13, Iran had become such a shining star - it was the point to which all my desires and dreams returned.
Students rarely disappoint teachers who assure them in advance that they are doomed to failure.
I don't think people buy technology products because of the personalities of the people behind them.
Artists don't talk about art. Artists talk about work. If I have anything to say to young writers, it's stop thinking of writing as art. Think of it as work.
No one has yet realized the wealth of sympathy, the kindness and generosity hidden in the soul of a child. The effort of every true education should be to unlock that treasure.
Real programmers can write assembly code in any language.
Economy is the basis of society. When the economy is stable, society develops. The ideal economy combines the spiritual and the material, and the best commodities to trade in are sincerity and love.
Every president has to live with the result of what Lyndon Johnson did with Vietnam, when he lost the trust of the American people in the presidency.
Best to live lightly, unthinkingly.
It was settled by the Constitution, the laws, and the whole practice of the government that the entire executive power is vested in the President of the United States.
Science has proof without any certainty. Creationists have certainty without any proof.
I stay in tune with my family and God.
It is the nature of all greatness not to be exact.
Honesty is the best policy - when there is money in it.
I left science, then I went into art, but I approach things very analytically. I choose to pursue both art and architecture as completely separate fields rather than merging them.
I've got a crap on deck that could choke a donkey!
You don't get old until you replace dreams with regrets.
For Forms of Government let fools contest whatever is best administered is best.
To be trusted is a greater compliment than being loved.
The worst disease which can afflict business executives in their work is not, as popularly supposed, alcoholism it's egotism.
To me a real patriot is like a real friend. Who's your real friend? It's the person who tells you the truth. That's who my real friends are. So, you know, I think as far as our country goes, we need more people who will do that.
Although as a sailor I despised politics - for I loved my sailor's life and still love it today - conditions forced me to take up a definite attitude towards political problems.
I think we have lost our groove as a country. One of the reasons was the attack on 9/11. We got knocked off our game. From a country that always exported hope we went into the business of exporting fear.
